README.md, before:

# COVID-19 Dashboard
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=TypeScript&logoColor=white)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=white)&nbsp;

## 1. Introduction
In this repository, I am going to create a `COVID-19` dashboard mainly using `TypeScript`. The main purpose of this project is to prove what I've learned from [TypeScript101](https://github.com/kko2017/Typescript101). The `COVID-19` overview will be updated on a daily basis.

## 2. TypeScript Configuration
- [x] Test JSDoc first
- [x] Initialize NPM
- [x] Install TypeScript Library
- [x] Add tsconfig file and set default values
- [x] Convert a JavaScript file (app.js) to a TypeScript file (app.ts)
- [x] Try to convert a TypeScript file by using`tsc` command 

## 3. References
+ [COVID-19 Dashboard by the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)
+ [Postman COVID-19 API Resource Center](https://covid-19-apis.postman.com/)
+ [Postrman COVID-19 API Documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10808728/SzS8rjbc?version=latest#00030720-fae3-4c72-8aea-ad01ba17adf8)
+ [Type Vue without TypeScript](https://blog.usejournal.com/type-vue-without-typescript-b2b49210f0b)
+ [How to add TypeScript to a JavaScript Project](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-add-typescript-to-a-javascript-project/)
+ [Notes before adding TypeScript to a JavaScript Project in Korean](https://joshua1988.github.io/ts/etc/convert-js-to-ts.html#%EC%9E%90%EB%B0%94%EC%8A%A4%ED%81%AC%EB%A6%BD%ED%8A%B8-%EC%BD%94%EB%93%9C%EC%97%90-%ED%83%80%EC%9E%85%EC%8A%A4%ED%81%AC%EB%A6%BD%ED%8A%B8%EB%A5%BC-%EC%A0%81%EC%9A%A9%ED%95%A0-%EB%95%8C-%EC%A3%BC%EC%9D%98%ED%95%B4%EC%95%BC-%ED%95%A0-%EC%A0%90)

Commit message:

🛠 add axios library and update README

README.md, after:

# COVID-19 Dashboard
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=TypeScript&logoColor=white)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=white)&nbsp;

## 1. Introduction
In this repository, I am going to create a `COVID-19` dashboard mainly using `TypeScript`. The main purpose of this project is to prove what I've learned from [TypeScript101](https://github.com/kko2017/Typescript101). The `COVID-19` overview will be updated on a daily basis.

## 2. `TypeScript` Configuration
- [x] Add JSDoc first in the `JavaScript` file
- [x] Initialize `npm`
- [x] Install `TypeScript` Library
- [x] Add tsconfig file and set default values
- [x] Convert a `JavaScript` file (app.js) to a `TypeScript` file (app.ts)
- [x] Try to convert a TypeScript file by using`tsc` command
- [x] `noImpliciitAny` is turned on as `true` in `tsconfig.json`. 

## 3. Way to apply `TypeScript`
- Declare `any` as `datatype` to `variables` in the first place.
- Change `any` to specific datatype (i.e. `string`, `number`, `object`, etc...).
- Add more libraries such as`babel`, `eslint`, `prettier`, `axios`, `chart.js` in the package.


## 4. References
+ [COVID-19 Dashboard by the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)
+ [Postman COVID-19 API Resource Center](https://covid-19-apis.postman.com/)
+ [Postrman COVID-19 API Documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10808728/SzS8rjbc?version=latest#00030720-fae3-4c72-8aea-ad01ba17adf8)
+ [Type Vue without TypeScript](https://blog.usejournal.com/type-vue-without-typescript-b2b49210f0b)
+ [How to add TypeScript to a JavaScript Project](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-add-typescript-to-a-javascript-project/)
+ [Notes before adding TypeScript to a JavaScript Project in Korean](https://joshua1988.github.io/ts/etc/convert-js-to-ts.html#%EC%9E%90%EB%B0%94%EC%8A%A4%ED%81%AC%EB%A6%BD%ED%8A%B8-%EC%BD%94%EB%93%9C%EC%97%90-%ED%83%80%EC%9E%85%EC%8A%A4%ED%81%AC%EB%A6%BD%ED%8A%B8%EB%A5%BC-%EC%A0%81%EC%9A%A9%ED%95%A0-%EB%95%8C-%EC%A3%BC%EC%9D%98%ED%95%B4%EC%95%BC-%ED%95%A0-%EC%A0%90)
